Hey everyone and thanks for jumping back
into the cryptoverse. Here we are with
another episode of NFA live. We have Rob
from Digital Asset News. How's it going,
Rob?
>> Good. Hello, everybody.
>> Thanks for being here. And then we also
have Nick from CoinBureau. We haven't
had Nick on the channel in a while, so
it's a pleasure to to see you again.
>> Thanks for having me, Ben. Great to be
here with you guys.
>> Yeah, so uh
I would say pretty interesting time in
the market, but it's not really. It's
kind of a boring time. [laughter]
Um but we can at least talk about it. Uh
so
the first thing I I want to say is with
with Bitcoin, I mean it hasn't
hasn't really done anything for a really
long time. We're just kind of hanging
out at 60k. I guess my question is, you
know, what are the odds here we get a
little bit of relief in the summer or do
you think that's unlikely? It's kind of
I mean, obviously no one knows, right?
It's hard to time countertrend rallies,
but what do you guys think? Uh Nick,
I'll start with you. What do you think
here about Bitcoin? Could it Could it
find any relief in the short term or
what do you think?
>> Oh, we hope so, Ben, eh?
I mean, many of the bottom signals have
fired, eh? We've had like more than 50%
of the on-chain Bitcoin supply is held
at a loss. We've had the monthly RSI to
its lowest level in 17 years or second
lowest level. We've had the the Z-score
close to 1.5 standard deviations in
terms of on-chain valuations again.
So, there's a lot of things that have
fired in terms of we've had a we close
to a bottom or uh had the bottom. Uh but
and historically, summer is a mixed is
mixed, you know? July can bounce. August
is is quite mixed. September gets ugly
and then uh October, let's rather not
talk about it.
Um what I'm looking forward on on the on
the charts in terms of things
I don't want to see a solid recovery of
the 200-week um simple moving average,
and we're on the cusp of that right now.
I'd want to see solid ETF inflows
because we've had a terrible outflow
month last month. So, I'd want to see at
least three to four three to four days
of solid inflows
and sustained inflows.
And one of the best indicators to watch
as well in terms of institutional
accumulation is the Coinbase premium.
Quite a few people quote that on X as
well. This is basically the differential
between the price of Bitcoin on Coinbase
and in offshore exchanges gives an
indication of bullishness in in the US
market institutions.
Maybe if we could see some clarity from
strategy in terms of you know, what
what's happening with there because
that's a big overhang on the markets.
Um but I think mainly it's also like
macro is the biggest player right now.
The risk on macro is that I mean right
now the risk on macro is that the that
we get some sort of a peace deal in Iran
and that breathes some life into the
markets, but if you guys have seen the
the
you know,
what's happened since the past few days,
it seems as if that's also off the cards
right now with the resumption of a few
fights here in the Middle East.
And that would lead to a strong dollar
and then potentially you know, the whole
thing kicks off again.
So,
it could go either way depending on
where the macro goes in the next few in
the next few weeks.
But in my opinion, I think probably
range bound between 62 68k depending on
how the macro breaks either way.
>> Yeah, I mean it seems reasonable. I
don't a lot of times in the summer
markets are just kind of boring. I guess
everyone's on vacation going to the
World Cup not trading Bitcoin. Rob, what
do you think? Where
What do you see in down in your neck of
the woods?
>> No,
Nick said it perfectly. I mean
everything he just talked about is
essentially what's playing out and we
can see that summer's kind of suck.
There's a reason why they say sell in
May and go away. I think some people may
have actually wanted to do that. But the
I I guess the bigger question is the
people watching the video is do you want
it to recover? Everybody talks about how
great it is to recover, but
these prices below 200 week moving
averages, below 250 week, why wouldn't
you just keep it there?
I am quite happy with it being just like
the way it is.
>> Well, I mean, I tend to agree with you
guys. I mean, I who knows what happens
later in the year, but
I you know, I we talked about it similar
to like some of the prior midterm year
bear markets. It's interesting in 2022,
there was a nice little rally
for alts, but in 2018, alts got
annihilated
in July and August. So,
just remember like we're talking about
Bitcoin and not like all the random junk
that's that's out there.
Uh next question and and I think I I
think Nick already touched on this a
little bit. So, I'll just start with
Nick. Um what do you think about
monetary policy? I mean, I I know that
we're looking at a potential rate hike
by the Fed. Maybe you can fill us in on
on, you know, what's going on in your
neck of the woods, but
is it are we really going to get rate
hikes with oil coming down? I mean,
oil's dropped a lot and
still seems like the Fed and and some
other
big players are still looking at at
tighter monetary policy. Do you think
that's actually going to play out?
>> I think it could be. There's a few
factors here. One in terms of your point
around the oil, that is true and over
the past few weeks, but I think that
this resumption in fighting could be
another catalyst which drives it higher
and it has we've had a spike in the past
few days
and in the previous
Hormuz crisis, some of the reasons as to
why oil didn't spike much more than it
did is because of
the SPR release in the US and also China
dropping its oil imports by considerable
amounts. So, that helped abate some of
the inflationary pressures driven by
oil. So, I don't know if that's
necessarily going to play out if we do
have another Hormuz crisis. So, then
you've got some cost push inflation
coming through. Um but we did have the
the Fed minutes out yesterday and they
were quite hawkish. You saw that half of
the um Fed governors wanted to voting
for an
a rate hike by the end of the year. And
what's also quite interesting, I don't
know if you saw this Ben, but uh they
said that they they raised the the
concern of demand driven inflation from
the AI buildout specifically as relates
to, you know, the chips and the memory
and how it's impacting our consumer
goods. So there you've got another uh
cost push in in uh demand pull inflation
from that. Uh and then
I think also Waller himself has
generally been quite hawkish and it
doesn't help the fact that he hasn't
he's
give gone away with any sort of forward
guidance. So it makes it difficult for
us to assess.
Um and indeed consumer inflation
expectations are still quite high. I
think we had the uh inflation
expectations from the New York Fed come
out last week which were the highest in
nearly 3 years.
And indeed the markets are moving in
that way as well. The 10-year now is
back uh I think we had a 10-year auction
yesterday with the highest uh
yield uh since February of last year. So
I think that we still in in territory
where the Fed is going to be hawkish
towards the end of the uh uh and if the
oil crisis does if we do have an
additional war moves crisis that could
continue to push inflation higher.
>> Yeah, I feel like the geopolitical stuff
is stuff I can't really nail down that
much. I I don't I feel like I just have
no idea like what to expect from from
Trump
uh or I mean anything for that matter
from the geopolitical perspective. It
makes it really difficult to try to
guess
what's going to happen. But I guess
there must be something in there keeping
you know, rate hikes
on the table. So you're probably right.
Rob, I mean Yeah, go ahead Nick.
>> Yeah, I mean like the geopolitical angle
is a box of chocolates. You don't know
what you're going to get, right? You
never know. I mean we thought that we
were going to
We really thought that we were moving
towards like a risk-on atmosphere with
oil coming down and we could continue
the rally and that the peace deal would
be signed. And again, it just kicks off
again. So, you never know.
>> Yeah, you never know what mood is going
to
is going to happen. Um Rob, I know
monetary policy isn't necessarily your
favorite topic.
It's not It's not like we're talking
about chess or something, but if you
could chime in.
>> Kind of fill in.
>> I was
I mean, I would just echo what I mean,
just to just to give everybody a a
a visual about what's actually
happening. If you want to throw this up,
this is just to to touch on what oil is.
You know, we're going to hear this again
and again. Trump's going to say that
everybody's a liar and he's the only one
that's right. And that's fine. And
there's going to be a a memorandum of
understanding that's going to get passed
through and people are going to go
through and just say, "No, no, we're not
going to do this this peace peace deal."
And it's going to just be
erratic. And that's pretty much what it
is. And I know people would say, "Well,
it's the oil price."
And they they take a look at it and you
know, right today, okay, it is what it
is. It's a you know, plus 0.49. But if
you take a look at like a month
and then 1 year,
I mean, yeah, this is where you see that
inflation talk coming in. Now, it's
going down. So, you would think that
okay, well, inflation is going to be
just just ebbed away because at some
point the oil will go down. The problem
is, and Nick touched on it, is AI. And
the big problem is is that there are
different sectors in the world,
especially here in the United States. As
they start to build these data centers,
the price of electricity goes up. So,
you have on one side inflation going
down with with the price of oil going
down. On the other side, you have
electricity going up for your for your
home you know, usage and business usage.
So, in that case, you got one going up,
one going down, there might be an issue
there. And AI, I think, is the big play
right now. If you take a look at stocks
and things that are going up, it's
looking pretty good.
But, um you know, I don't know where
things are going as far as like
inflation. I think the Fed is going to
like Nick said, it's going to be very
hawkish and I think there's going to be
some I mean potentially some rate hikes.
So, we'll see.
>> Did you guys see the news that
the Fed is now going about changing how
they measure PCE? As slight tweaks in
the in the measurement of PCE and that
Walsh is also targeting some other
version of PCE called the trimmed PCE
basically trying to kind of slightly
move the goal posts. So, you know, they
they can't get the actual headline CPE
number PCE number under 2%. So, they
kind of like
if you don't count inflation correctly,
it's not really a problem, right?
>> That's right. It's all how you get
move the data.
>> Yeah.
>> I've thought about that. Like when you
like publish papers and stuff, like I I
just can't imagine like changing the
methodology of of how you calculate a
data series halfway through or part of
the way through and then like putting it
on the same chart.
And and expecting people to
take anything away from it. It's like
it's literally just calculated
differently. So,
who knows? But, now that we got the
boring stuff some of the boring stuff
out of the way, let's get to the
exciting stuff. Now, that's the World
Cup.
So,
I'm obviously wearing an Argentina
jersey. It's because I I just went to
the game. I think I honestly it was
probably one of the best games I've ever
been to. I think it was the best game
I've ever been to. That was exciting. I
mean I it was the 78th minute or 79th
minute, I believe and Argentina was down
2-0
and and it got three goals in like 15
minutes and ended up winning.
So, I ended up I mean I we got the
jersey and and whatnot. What do you guys
think for the World Cup? Nick, are you
looking at England? Is it Is it finally
coming home?
>> [laughter]
>> I don't know, man. Unfortunately, I
can't say so. I know they got up with
Norway and I I kind of predict that
you know, in true England style they're
going to go out on penalties,
unfortunately.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> I know I don't know why I got to say
that, but
you know, they haven't been one of the
stronger teams, unfortunately. Although
they they managed to get through.
I think that France seems like they the
best all-round team. You know, they've
won every match. They've they
comfortably beat Sweden.
They look balanced in attack and
defense.
Spain has got strong defense. They you
know, so if they managed to get a goal
in any of the games, they can hold it
out.
But you know, there's going to there
could be some upsets here. There could
be some real big upsets. So I don't
know, hey.
>> What do you think about Holland? Cuz I
mean he's been fun to watch and you
know, didn't wasn't it
wasn't it Kane that missed the penalty
against France in 2022 that was the
equalizer? Am I or am I not remembering
that right?
>> I can't recall, but yeah, England's got
a very bad reputation when it comes to
penalty shootouts in World Cups. Like
it's the bane of their existence.
So I don't know.
But yeah, I mean I think that France has
got the the edge here. Argentina I like
I think that you know, you were just
talking about the game there. It was
quite fascinating to watch. Actually I
was watching at the exact moment on
Polymarket on on on Kelsi how the odds
were changing and it was it's more
exciting than shot than tracking the
chart of an old coin to be honest.
>> Yeah.
>> It's pretty crazy.
But yeah, Argentina Messi is strong.
He's but you can't just rely on one
player. I think that they came close in
a few of the games.
>> I I just looked it up. It was 2022. So
England was about ahead of France to
sorry, England was behind France two to
one and then they received a penalty in
like the 84th minute. Harry Kane took
the penalty and he and he sent it high.
He sent it above the goal. So they
missed the equalizer and then they lost
the game. So it was a heartbreak. It was
a heartbreak. And you could kind of I
mean well, they didn't really go out on
penalties, but it was a penalty that
would have allowed them to to tie and
and
Yeah, it's going to be a tough game I
think against Norway cuz they got to go
up against Holland and he's got a lot of
he's
He's got a lot of them.
Yeah.
Yeah, Rob, who do you got? Who do you
got winning? I mean,
a lot of the I mean, the US is out,
Canada's out, Mexico's out. Um
Who do you got?
>> I have no idea. I all I I just say this,
I I took Ben's advice cuz you know, I I
heard about how great the World Cup was.
So, I went and watched
America
versus Belgium. It was the worst game
I've ever seen in my life as they lost
4-1. I'm like, well,
this was trash. So, thank you Ben for
dashing my hopes and dreams as I watched
America get crushed.
>> Why should today be any different than
any other day, Rob?
>> Exactly.
>> No, I mean, like that was a bad game and
I I mean, I wanted I wanted the US to
win the whole thing, but I mean,
practically speaking, that's just not
going to happen, you know?
>> I
I want to ask Americans though, what did
you guys think of the the red card and
stuff? Forget about the political, you
know, the political angle. I mean, the
actual red card that was given to him.
>> I have mixed feelings about it. Like, I
mean, I I think from the still image
alone, it looks like a red card, right?
Like, from the still image alone.
If you look at the whole context, I
mean, it does look like it does look
like he was in front of the ball and
then the other player kind of like ran
up and and kind of made him stumble. So,
I don't know. I mean, I do think though,
yeah, I thought about this a lot.
I I don't think that two wrongs make a
right. So, even if it even if I don't
think it should have been a red card,
once it was a red card, I don't think I
I don't agree with them suspending it
and and allowing him to play. I mean,
I just
I don't know. Like, I I just don't think
that because it kind of sets the wrong
precedent in some ways cuz then a lot of
other teams could could make the same
claim. Like, they could be like, well,
take this yellow card away or take that
red card away. And I I think that
regardless of what anyone says, I mean,
look, the president of the United States
called FIFA and then a decision was made
that has never been made in the World
Cup before. I mean, I know that I know
that Cristiano Ronaldo had some uh
had some stuff suspended as well so he
could play in the World Cup, but
I don't know. I think it just looks bad.
Like it looks bad and the US had so much
momentum
like just like good mo- I'm not saying
they were going to win, you know,
against Belgium regardless. I'm just
saying they had like
good momentum I think in terms of like
the narrative surrounding them and I
just kind of feel like that tainted um
the narrative for a lot of a lot of
people. And I I I would say this, if I
were if I were anywhere else in the in
the world besides the United States, I
would be absolutely fuming that that red
card was was uh suspended. Even though I
don't know that I agree that it should
have I don't know that it should have
been red.
>> I I think it was yeah, definitely one of
the worst FIFA calls only surpassed by
the um even more so than the uh FIFA
Peace Prize.
>> Wait, what do you think was the worst
call? The red card or taking it away? Or
uh no, definitely taking it away. The
red card I think you can can debate it,
but taking it away uh I think is the and
I think it's just like because and UEFA
put it best, it's like, you know, it it
goes to the integrity of the game and
like other teams can also come out and
complain about that, right? If you don't
have some clear guidance in terms of how
and and a protocol and process for this,
right? Not just an executive decision by
um the FIFA president.
>> Right. Yeah, and I I did I just don't
feel like there was a ton of
transparency, you know, about it and I
think that just makes it worse for for
other teams because it does
feel kind of weird. Um and I it's weird
like rooting for the team that it
happened to, but also like empathizing
with everyone else being like, "Yeah,
like you guys have a point." Um
but look, Belgium played really well and
the US didn't. I mean, they just they
had an an awful game.
Um Um Belgium deserves to go on, right?
I mean that's just And And look, the US
is no stranger to losing
uh in the round of 16. You know, like
this is a very a very common occurrence.
So,
I mean, who do we have left? We have I
mean, Morocco and France played today,
right?
>> Yeah. That's going to be a crazy one.
Uh you know, they had this because they
played in the 2022 game as well in 2022
World Cup and it was 2-0, I believe, to
France. Morocco advanced I think it was
the first semi-final, something. We had
an an African team in the first
semi-final, but yeah. There's a lot
riding on that as well.
>> You know, like
This guy says comment, I just wanted to
address that. Messi had the same play in
the group stage and didn't get a yellow.
I agree. Like there is the same still
image for Messi, but this is one of
those things where like we can't we
can't always point to something that
didn't get called and say that nothing
else ever gets called just because one
foul wasn't called.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, and I think like that's the
hard part cuz that's like the natural
reaction and I had that reaction, too.
I'm like And I like Messi. I mean, like
I mean, I just got to see him play. But
just because one foul wasn't called
doesn't mean that other fouls I think it
should have been at least a yellow. Like
I think a yellow definitely makes sense.
I'm just not sure about a red. Um
But all right. Uh
This guy says, "Oops, wrong stream."
>> [laughter]
>> I mean, how else are you going to get
through the midterm year? I mean, the
World Cup is is how you get through it.
All right. Uh let's get to back to the
boring questions. Um
Rob, you have a Clarity Act update?
>> Yeah, it's probably not going to pass.
Uh What else you want to know?
>> Ever or this year?
>> No, just this year. I mean, I don't
think it's going to happen right now cuz
there's a cuz as a reminder everybody
that we have to get a super majority of
60-40. There's a lot of Democrats have
to come over and that's not going to
happen. They want a provision which
essentially
gets out uh
officials and their family members of
trading
uh digital assets and cryptocurrency.
And as we just saw with Donald Trump, he
made a couple of almost 1.4 billion
dollars off of that. So, I don't know if
that's actually going to go through. So,
I mean good luck. And if it does, it'll
be a nice catalyst and that would change
everything, but I just don't see it
actually happening. Sorry.
>> No, I mean I I mean you got to say it
like it is. Nick, do you have any any
different view on that or you agree with
Rob?
>> No, I think that's very very well put. I
think that unfortunately, that's the
main sticking point. That's where it's
going to be.
I think that they want they want some
sort of ethics provision provisions in
there. And um
you know, it may have had a bit more
chance a few months ago, but after that
that disclosure of the of the profits
made by Trump and his and his family
from these from crypto ventures, it's
politically toxic to support this as a
Democrat.
If you if you don't have any sort of
provisions that bothers. And the only
other question is would Trump and Colby
willing to have those provisions in
there and not be able to trade crypto
and not be able to invest in crypto
projects for the greater good of the
crypto community to get this bill
passed?
I don't know. Is he a benevolent leader
in that sense? We'll have to see, but I
don't think so. I think it's unlikely.
And probably not Yeah, if it's not
happening this year, what if Dems win
the house?
It's not happening.
>> Yeah, seems fair. What do you guys think
about Saylor? I mean that's the I think
that's the biggest elephant in the room
these days in crypto is Saylor selling
and
you know, I think there's a lot of
people who don't want to really talk
about it, but I mean look, it's
happening. It's it's it's certainly a
strong narrative.
What do you guys think about it? I mean
is he is
seems like the
public opinion is is somewhat changing
and and some people are upset because
they're like what happened never sell. I
I mean I'm not going to criticize
Saylor. I mean if I if I'm willing to
sell Bitcoin occasionally, why would I
say someone else can't, you know, I mean
what do you guys think though? Any I
mean either you can take it if you want.
>> Nick.
>> Uh okay. I mean,
so
it's definitely cleared some fog to the
extent that he's trying to do something.
Uh, he was in a bit of a bind recently
with of one MNA V for MSTR for the
strategy was below one, which means any
sort of issuance of uh, common stock
would be diluted. So, that was a big
problem. You the negative five flywheel
effect. Um, stretch was trading
considerably below par near um,
near near near default um, technically
default levels. So, it was really
killing the market and at least coming
out with a plan, this Bitcoin
monetization plan was something. Uh, and
look, sell pressure is never good and
it's not the fact that that he's only
not buying, but there's the potential
sell pressure. We saw the 200 and
something million that was sold on
Monday. Uh, but surprisingly Bitcoin
kind of rallied out of that because
it's a sense that they know
he in the monetization plan, I think it
was up to 1.25 billion that could be
sold Bitcoin to buy back stretch and
MSTR. Uh, so that at least the market
knows what the number is.
Uh, I think that he should just I mean,
this is what Grayscale has said as well.
Just rip the band-aid off and sell and
sell a stack of Bitcoin, be the billy to
get the cash you need to last through
the bear market. Uh, so I think that
that could could alleviate some of the
concerns. Uh, but yeah, the optics are
optics are terrible. Definitely from the
the saint sailor of Bitcoin accumulating
and then and then now saying and not
necessarily for people in the crypto
space, but I think if you look at a lot
of the trad fi media, the fact that you
know, he was saying that you never sell
your Bitcoin and now he is.
And I think that that trade is just
completely dead. And we've got this
overhang. So,
I think it's still looking dicey. Um, we
have to see what happens once he's sold
it. And one more point I'll add there as
well is um,
in terms of the optics as well. I've
heard it on a few podcasts in terms of
institutional players are we're likely
to want to buy because of the massive
overhang. They say, "Okay, I'll just
wait to see what happens with strategy
but when you've got such a big potential
seller in the market before I start
buying."
So, yeah, that's it's not it's not
looking too good right now.
>> Yeah, then I he what there were a couple
of cells, right? Wasn't there a smaller
one like a few weeks ago and then just
another a larger one? He Rob, you think
he's building up to a big one?
>> I mean, that was a that was quite a bit
but I mean, like like Nick was talking
about, uh
they still do own like 830,000
plus Bitcoin. So, even though they sold,
I think it was 3,000 over the last 2
weeks or so, it's still not too much.
But I but I will say that I mean, as far
as like is he getting ready to to sell
even more? There was a
there was a a graphic that was put up
and it talked about the annualized rate
of return
for for Bitcoin stretch.
They said that for what they just sold
or what they have right now, they can do
a break even to cover everything for
essentially over 31 years.
And if it goes up by and that's at if
Bitcoin has no rate of return at 0% for
31 years. If it goes up just 3.3% it
essentially goes out to infinity.
So, like with these these things that
are going on, I I
I don't think it's as big of a deal as
people make it out to be. But the big
thing was and Ben, you
what you said was
I can't fault Saylor for selling Bitcoin
because I sell Bitcoin. The difference
is is that you never on your channel or
on Coin Bureau's channel or my channel
have ever said you never sell your
Bitcoin. You hold on forever. And then,
you know, weeks later, months later,
years later say, "Okay, I sold."
Sorry, rules for thee.
Rules for me.
May I add Rob, it's not only that, is
that you should you should try and take
out debt, mortgage your house, and
potentially sell your kidney if you want
to buy more Bitcoin.
>> You know, you know when he said that,
that was that was when he he came on my
channel for the first time is he he put
out a tweet saying that you should like
take out a mortgage a second mortgage to
to buy Bitcoin. This is back in 2021.
And I said that was a really dumb idea
and then he said he wanted to come talk
about it on my stream and then we talked
about it. And I still don't agree. I
mean I think too like
institutions and retail are very
different, right? So like if a if if a
like if a retail trader took out a
second mortgage and then Bitcoin
crashed, which it did back then in 2022,
like that could have wiped them out,
right? They might not have had the
capital to survive all that and then and
then wait for the next bull market.
Whereas institutions can often survive
it because they have the capital to sort
of wait it out, which a lot of smaller
players don't necessarily have. I don't
know. I mean I
I mean I'd I'd be lying if I mean I
don't think it's the best optics for
Bitcoin that like the biggest buyer has
become a seller.
Um
I don't I mean I
>> It's crazy that in terms of the polarity
as and you know, contrast between him
selling some but then I've Tom Lee's
still out there buying Ethereum.
>> That's [laughter] right.
>> Yeah.
>> But mine's still buying ETH. I'm like,
what?
>> I got to tell you, I mean some of like
the worst price predictions of all time,
but I'll hand it to Tom. He keeps buying
Bitcoin and he's going to go through and
he'll he'll probably do great because
he's buying in the bear market, which is
what everybody's supposed to do. Not
financial advice. But that's usually
when when people make make the most most
money. I think Tom's going to come out
ahead.
>> I feel like Saylor, if he just kept with
the strategy of just buying Bitcoin but
I feel like did he launch like all these
different like financial products and
they're all like intertwined and like I
just feel like he's he's over
complicated it so much and and now
I mean look, I've said it for for years
that strategy over a long enough period
of time will likely under perform
Bitcoin and maybe the reason they under
perform Bitcoin is because they're
forced to sell Bitcoin to to
make sure they can pay shareholders. I
don't know.
One last question because I saw it in
the chat. Nick, I want your answer on
this one, okay? I know Rob you don't
care. Cuz I I I feel very strongly about
this.
What's your thoughts on the Croatia
offsides call? Did you watch that game?
I did not watch that game unfortunately.
So what happened was
Croatia
at the very end the the guy passed the
ball into the box and it like swiped by
someone's hair on on Croatia's team.
Then Croatia got a goal from that from a
guy that would have been offsides from
that point. So they scored.
Now when you watch it you cannot tell
that the ball is
like you can't tell that the ball is
changes direction but they use VAR to
overturn it. I thought it was egregious
but we got to get going anyways.
I I believe yeah I did catch the replays
of that and that was crazy. That was
crazy. I mean I feel so bad for Croatia.
>> Cuz also one of the star players it was
probably his last game as well
potentially in the World Cup.
>> Yeah.
I got I got to run. It was great to have
you here. If you guys aren't subscribed
to Rob or Nick make sure you guys
subscribe
and I will see you guys we'll see you
guys next week on Rob's channel. See you
guys. Adios.
>> Thanks for having me Ben. Cheers.